README.md, before:

# Ejib

![alt text](https://github.com/itsjibel/Ejib/blob/main/docs/img/logo.png?raw=true)

## Operating systems supported

+ __Linux based__:
  + Ubuntu
  + Fedora

## Quick summary of the Ejib

    lightweight and fast text editor

## Editor features

+ Write, erase, paste, etc on text

+ Using shortcuts like __^F__ to save the file, __^V__ for paste copied text and __^B__ to change the mode to visual to speed up editing text, etc

+ Having a section called __visual mode__ for quick editing in the text, searching in the text, moving around in the text, etc.

+ Save text to file or open file quickly

+ Colorizing the text to make it more readable for programmers

+ ### Visual mode: help/visual_mode_help.txt

+ ### Shortcuts: help/shortcuts_help.txt

+ ### General info: help/help.txt

## Coding model properties

+ __Ease of reading the code due to the division of code parts in the library and the division of large sections to the small functions.__
+ __Detailed comments in incomprehensible parts__

## Several examples of __visual mode__ commands

+ __text -S__ "something" <<(S)earch "something" in text>>
+ __file -S__ <<(S)ave the file>>
+ __text -D__ <<(D)elete all of the text>>

And ...

+ __You can get more complete information about various commands in the program itself__

Commit message:

Improve README file and add Kali OS to operating systems supported

README.md, after:

# Ejib

![alt text](https://github.com/itsjibel/Ejib/blob/main/docs/img/logo.png?raw=true)

## Operating systems supported

+ __Linux based__:
  + Ubuntu
  + Fedora
  + Kali

## Quick summary of the Ejib

    lightweight and fast text editor

## Editor features

+ Write, erase, paste, etc on text

+ Using shortcuts like __^F__ to save the file, __^V__ for paste copied text and __^B__ to change the mode to visual to speed up editing text, etc

+ Having a section called __visual mode__ for quick editing in the text, searching in the text, moving around in the text, etc.

+ Save text to file or open file quickly

+ Colorizing the text to make it more readable for programmers

+ ### Visual mode: help/visual_mode_help.txt

+ ### Shortcuts: help/shortcuts_help.txt

+ ### General info: help/help.txt

## Coding model properties

+ __Ease of reading the code due to the division of code parts in the library and the division of large sections to the small functions.__
+ __Detailed comments in incomprehensible parts__

## Several examples of __visual mode__ commands

+ __text -S "something"__ Search "something" in text
+ __file -S__ Save the file
+ __text -D__ Delete all of the text

## __You can get more complete information about various commands in the program itself__
